Reviews core terms (#1794)
temporalio/documentation: docs/php/signals.md

}
```

> In the example above the Workflow updates the protected value. Main Workflow coroutine waits for such value to change using
> `Workflow::await` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding example, the Workflow updates the protected value.
The Main Workflow coroutine waits for the value to change by using the `Workflow::await` function.
```

> To send signal to Workflow use `WorkflowClient`->`newWorkflowStub` or `WorkflowClient`->`newUntypedWorkflowStub`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send a Signal to a Workflow,  use `WorkflowClient->newWorkflowStub` or `WorkflowClient->newUntypedWorkflowStub`:
```

assert($run->getValue() === true);
```

> Use `WorkflowClient`->`newRunningWorkflowStub` or `WorkflowClient->newUntypedRunningWorkflowStub` with Workflow id to send
> signals to already running workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `WorkflowClient->newRunningWorkflowStub` or `WorkflowClient->newUntypedRunningWorkflowStub` with Workflow Id to send Signals to already running Workflows.
```
